---
layout: post
title: 2011 a year of up and down, loss and love
tags:
- Feeling
- Me
- Passion
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta:
  _edit_last: '1'
  al2fb_facebook_excerpt: Sitting in a confortable pad in a small room, on the second
    floor of my house. It's late at night now. I usually when in sleep at this time,
    almost all people in my home town to go bed very early. Today, by somehow, I still
    hear a small sound around, it sounds like a song from Trinh Cong Son, kind of
    music that can put you in a "reflection mode", a mood in that you call back stuffs
    in your past. These days, I really want to jot down something about 2011, a year,
    that I experienced so many things, a year marks lots of change in my life, a year
    that I think I will never forget. A year that run so fast but left so much pain.
  al2fb_facebook_link_id: '1282610715_3173236411479'
  al2fb_facebook_link_time: '2012-02-02T02:26:39+00:00'
  al2fb_facebook_link_picture: post=http://kong.vn/?al2fb_image=1
  al2fb_facebook_error: ! 'Import comment: Error validating access token: Session
    has expired at unix time 1332949787. The current unix time is 1334171216.'
  al2fb_facebook_error_time: '2012-04-11T19:06:56+00:00'
  _wp-svbtle-kudos: '1'
---
Sitting in a confortable pad in a small room, on the second floor of my house. It's late at night now. I usually sleep at this time, almost all people in my home town to go bed very early. Today, by somehow, I still hear a small sound around, it sounds like a song from Trinh Cong Son, kind of music that can put you in a "reflection mode", a mood in that you call back stuffs in your past. These days, I really want to jot down something about 2011, a year, that I experienced so many things, a year marks lots of change in my life, a year that I think I will never forget. A year that run so fast but left so much pain.

A year with a lot of up in my career, I feel good with my financial income. How I dive in to work. It's good to feel that you have some money in your pocket. I, then, choose to do what I love, I suddenly have almost no income any more. That's all okay. A big decision in life.

Pursuit what I love is really a self-satisfied, but risky path. I turned down many many great opportunities in my career path, I go on a quest to find what I really love, I want to be leaded by myself, not by others. Another weird and big decision. Time will tell if I am wise.

A year of pain, life treated me so bad, life brings the person love me and I love the most away. No and not things bad than that, no word can describe that, no one can understand that, unless you experienced the same. But I will never wish that for you. A kind of hurt that you feel day after day.

A year of regret, I never want to regret, or at least always try to fool myself not to regret about anything. Reget appears to be negative and weak. But there have somethings I wish I can do better. Things would be better if I did better. I wish that by somehow, someway, I can do better for my family, just some small things, I could bring a brighter life for my family. Damn, there have things I can not change. A real regret, a painful lesson.

A year of being emotional, I've never ever experienced so much emotion in life. Pain, miss, cry, expected, happy, disappointed, ... I cried so much, I never thought that I can be in that kind of mood, but life showed me. I even went through moment of deeply pointless, everything is stuck and lonely. Worst moment that I never expect it happens for others.

A year that I start dealing with philosophy of life seriously, I wish to know what is the meaning of everything. I start to be very curious about just everything in life. I start to ask about the purpose of the things I'm doing. I start to refuse to do anything that I don't know its meaning.

A year that I was please to put aside everything and just follow what I love, what I think it's right to do. It's weird with others, but I just do that, without any reget

I learned how having so much expectation can hurt me. But I still do not know how to deal with expectation in a proper way. Still, I have a question (?)

I learned how having a strong positive belief can help me go through all of these bad things. My belief: If you fight for "what you think is the best in your life", endlessly, never stop, you will feel happy with whatever you get, in every moment of your life, even now! For bad and good things I experienced, I appreciate them all. All of them gave me good lessons. Life treats me bad, but life shows me how to learn from it.

The only thing I wish for myself in during Lunar New Year is having peace with my mind. Experiencing so much up and down, now I really need a peaceful moment.

Things changed, there have so much problems around me that need to be solved, so much questions need to be answered. Life forces me to give up things I have and make a new turn in my life journey. I still believe strongly.

Now, let's say: Hi 2012
